Add AST installation action (#7)
bitwarden/gh-actions: install-ast/README.md

# Install Azure Sign Tool (AST)

> We use an EV SSL cert on an HSM in an Azure Key Vault to sign our Windows executables that we distrubute outside of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use an EV SSL cert on a HSM in an Azure Key Vault to sign our Windows executables that we distribute outside of the
```

Windows Store. We use the [AzureSignTool](https://github.com/vcsjones/AzureSignTool) to do this. Since it is a pretty

> involved process to install, needs a pinned commit version and is in mulitple projects, a composite action is the best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
involved process to install, needs a pinned commit version, and is in multiple projects, a composite action is the best
```
